rf ngram 10 malgan tested against dt: 322 benign files and 35 malicious files
rf ngram 10 malgan tested against svm: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
rf ngram 10 malgan tested against knn: 3015 benign files and 0 malicious files
rf ngram 10 malgan tested against gnb: 329 benign files and 28 malicious files
rf ngram 10 malgan tested against lr: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
rf ngram 10 malgan tested against mlp: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
dt ngram 10 malgan tested against rf: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
dt ngram 10 malgan tested against svm: 337 benign files and 20 malicious files
dt ngram 10 malgan tested against knn: 2786 benign files and 229 malicious files
dt ngram 10 malgan tested against gnb: 0 benign files and 357 malicious files
dt ngram 10 malgan tested against lr: 329 benign files and 28 malicious files
dt ngram 10 malgan tested against mlp: 324 benign files and 33 malicious files
svm ngram 10 malgan tested against rf: 340 benign files and 17 malicious files
svm ngram 10 malgan tested against dt: 234 benign files and 123 malicious files
svm ngram 10 malgan tested against knn: 2728 benign files and 287 malicious files
svm ngram 10 malgan tested against gnb: 0 benign files and 357 malicious files
svm ngram 10 malgan tested against lr: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
svm ngram 10 malgan tested against mlp: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
knn ngram 10 malgan tested against rf: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
knn ngram 10 malgan tested against dt: 2 benign files and 355 malicious files
knn ngram 10 malgan tested against svm: 306 benign files and 51 malicious files
knn ngram 10 malgan tested against gnb: 0 benign files and 357 malicious files
knn ngram 10 malgan tested against lr: 303 benign files and 54 malicious files
knn ngram 10 malgan tested against mlp: 345 benign files and 12 malicious files
gnb ngram 10 malgan tested against rf: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
gnb ngram 10 malgan tested against dt: 300 benign files and 57 malicious files
gnb ngram 10 malgan tested against svm: 354 benign files and 3 malicious files
gnb ngram 10 malgan tested against knn: 3015 benign files and 0 malicious files
gnb ngram 10 malgan tested against lr: 353 benign files and 4 malicious files
gnb ngram 10 malgan tested against mlp: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
lr ngram 10 malgan tested against rf: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
lr ngram 10 malgan tested against dt: 42 benign files and 315 malicious files
lr ngram 10 malgan tested against svm: 343 benign files and 14 malicious files
lr ngram 10 malgan tested against knn: 3015 benign files and 0 malicious files
lr ngram 10 malgan tested against gnb: 0 benign files and 357 malicious files
lr ngram 10 malgan tested against mlp: 311 benign files and 46 malicious files
mlp ngram 10 malgan tested against rf: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
mlp ngram 10 malgan tested against dt: 95 benign files and 262 malicious files
mlp ngram 10 malgan tested against svm: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
mlp ngram 10 malgan tested against knn: 3015 benign files and 0 malicious files
mlp ngram 10 malgan tested against gnb: 0 benign files and 357 malicious files
mlp ngram 10 malgan tested against lr: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
