rf ngram 9 malgan tested against dt: 0 benign files and 357 malicious files
rf ngram 9 malgan tested against svm: 354 benign files and 3 malicious files
rf ngram 9 malgan tested against knn: 3015 benign files and 0 malicious files
rf ngram 9 malgan tested against gnb: 0 benign files and 357 malicious files
rf ngram 9 malgan tested against lr: 342 benign files and 15 malicious files
rf ngram 9 malgan tested against mlp: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
dt ngram 9 malgan tested against rf: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
dt ngram 9 malgan tested against svm: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
dt ngram 9 malgan tested against knn: 3015 benign files and 0 malicious files
dt ngram 9 malgan tested against gnb: 329 benign files and 28 malicious files
dt ngram 9 malgan tested against lr: 356 benign files and 1 malicious files
dt ngram 9 malgan tested against mlp: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
svm ngram 9 malgan tested against rf: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
svm ngram 9 malgan tested against dt: 56 benign files and 301 malicious files
svm ngram 9 malgan tested against knn: 3015 benign files and 0 malicious files
svm ngram 9 malgan tested against gnb: 0 benign files and 357 malicious files
svm ngram 9 malgan tested against lr: 320 benign files and 37 malicious files
svm ngram 9 malgan tested against mlp: 352 benign files and 5 malicious files
knn ngram 9 malgan tested against rf: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
knn ngram 9 malgan tested against dt: 139 benign files and 218 malicious files
knn ngram 9 malgan tested against svm: 299 benign files and 58 malicious files
knn ngram 9 malgan tested against gnb: 0 benign files and 357 malicious files
knn ngram 9 malgan tested against lr: 296 benign files and 61 malicious files
knn ngram 9 malgan tested against mlp: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
gnb ngram 9 malgan tested against rf: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
gnb ngram 9 malgan tested against dt: 201 benign files and 156 malicious files
gnb ngram 9 malgan tested against svm: 9 benign files and 348 malicious files
gnb ngram 9 malgan tested against knn: 3015 benign files and 0 malicious files
gnb ngram 9 malgan tested against lr: 10 benign files and 347 malicious files
gnb ngram 9 malgan tested against mlp: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
lr ngram 9 malgan tested against rf: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
lr ngram 9 malgan tested against dt: 328 benign files and 29 malicious files
lr ngram 9 malgan tested against svm: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
lr ngram 9 malgan tested against knn: 3015 benign files and 0 malicious files
lr ngram 9 malgan tested against gnb: 0 benign files and 357 malicious files
lr ngram 9 malgan tested against mlp: 357 benign files and 0 malicious files
mlp ngram 9 malgan tested against rf: 317 benign files and 40 malicious files
mlp ngram 9 malgan tested against dt: 211 benign files and 146 malicious files
mlp ngram 9 malgan tested against svm: 4 benign files and 353 malicious files
mlp ngram 9 malgan tested against knn: 2846 benign files and 169 malicious files
mlp ngram 9 malgan tested against gnb: 0 benign files and 357 malicious files
mlp ngram 9 malgan tested against lr: 6 benign files and 351 malicious files
